gold last week at yet again created
record highs here hitting
2888 levels before closing the week at
2860 now in my daily updates I have
repeatedly highlighted in last three to
four sessions that the higher gold goes
it has become more fragile for a drop
and that is what we had seen in the last
trading session where we have seen a uh
highs getting created but at the same
time a sh quick drop profit booking is
seen what to expect in the coming week
from gold can we say that the highs are
done can we say that now gold prices are
set for a reversal like this or it is
going to break past 2900 2950
Zone coming week is again going to be
important the inflation data coming in
from us is going to decide further the
direction of gold what is going to be
our strategy which direction it's going
to take with where to enter where to
exit how to profit we're going to see
with the help of charts and indicators
I'm going to give you the key levels
where you can say now gold is taking the
direction and Below which you can
definitely stay with the shorts or with
the buys above a certain level this is
the weekly review I do share my daily
updates twice a day in fact and the
Subscribe press the Bell icon do like
share and comment join the free telegram
channel for live updates and join the
channel memberships here on YouTube to
support the effort let's start towards
the end of the update I'll be sharing
the trading level so do watch a now
first is when you look at the charts for
gold on the weekly time frame you will
find it is trading in this channel this
is the last time towards the end of last
year we have seen it
consolidating with the support from the
20 weeks average and with that as
support we have seen now a good rise now
if you look at the highs for this
channel this is precisely at now close
to
$3,000 so yes there is still room for a
further rise in but when you look at the
last few candles see now the bands are
expanding the price is now trading
outside Binger bands and it is going to
be difficult for gold to trade outside
Bullinger bands what it may do it may
put pressure on the bands to expand
however may not or will not be able to
sustain the prices above the bands that
is what is my expect
and that is what we had seen see it is
closed outside Bullinger bands that is
pretty clear that it is suggestive of
bullishness and if you look at the near
term also look at this connect the lows
here the lows are beautifully connected
the highs are also connected here and
now in the coming week the levels at
2820 to
2780 this is going to be the Zone which
is something which is going to decide
the further course of action for gold
any drop below 2800 to 2780 is a clear
clear indication that we are looking
forward to a further correction as long
as now it stays about 2780 282 Zone we
should be careful with the cells this is
also pretty now see what has happened in
the last 5 weeks see it has formed a
base at 2600 forming a reversal sign we
have seen almost 10% appreciation in 5
to 6 weeks itself now it is not a
sustainable run here though it is having
room but I again say that it is not a
sustainable run for a 10% appreciation
in gold prices in just 5 to six weeks
and hence there is a possibility of a
retracement however as I confirmed till
2780 do not treat this as bearish now
let's have a further look here see the
weekly stock itic again entered into
overboard Zone and this was the time
frame where it has stayed in the
overboard zone for a while and hitting
the highs it has shown a retracement now
already it has seen a good enough
appreciation in prices and hence
possibilities for a retracement cannot
be denied but look at what has happened
in Magi it has hit the highs here it has
crossed over for a sell now again it has
crossed over for a buy and this is just
one candle away after the crossover and
this is coming with an opening wide
mouth though I will say that this trend
can again reverse if we see a massive
red candle it will again start to
diverge and hit the Bottom now when you
look at the movement here see first then
uh bull run then a retracement second
Bull Run then there has to be a
prolonged retracement because see the
bottom is still far below here so it is
still shying away from the lows and in
fact this crossover is from higher
levels and hence a possible possible
correction towards the lows cannot be
denied RSI entering into overboard Zone
and see this is just entering into
overboard Zone and this suggests that it
can still stretch the rally for a while
now one more observation on the weekly
candles is it has left a room on the
upside and uh this also indicates that
double top is what you should watch out
for means 2880 20 2888 2890 and then
towards
2904 these are the two these are the two
levels you should watch out for Beyond
this if gold stay you can expect a good
run on the upside where 2918 2936 or in
fact higher levels can be seen now let's
move to another time frame here coming
to the Daily on The Daily charts look at
the Divergence of the price from the
moving average 20 period moving average
sitting at around 2780 this also makes
this level at a as a stronger support
zone now connect the lows connect the
highs here almost hitting the peak and
see every time it has hit the peak it
tries to retas towards the Bottom now on
The Daily charts first now
2840 then 28 3032 and then 2823 key
levels on The Daily charts below that
2800 2780 so these are the levels
because once it drops like this it is
going to take a vertical fall vertical
fall may take the prices forther low as
well be mindful of this right now the
moving averages are trading with
Divergence looking up for staying
bullish if you look at the daily stock
istic this is overbought and now looking
downwards looking downwards means the
coming week it may open on a bearish
note it may try to retrace for next
couple of days there is a possibility
with the inflation data it can try to
reverse and thus we may see a bearish
beginning of the week that is what we
can expect where it can trade towards
2840 2820 or lower levels when you look
at the magd on The Daily the observation
is similar see it is a straight run here
and now whenever you see such a straight
run the chances of reversal increases so
what we are looking at possibly the
first two trading sessions are going to
decide where we may see bearishness
prices and then you can say these will
cross over and then with the inflation
data the chances of reversal will
increase RSI is staying overboard this
also increase the chance of reversal a
vshape reversal here let's have a look
at the monthly charts before we come
into the 4-Hour charts and I provide you
the levels now look at the monthly
charts again the prices are trading with
Divergence from the 20 period moving
average and now 2600 is the base it has
created which it needs to break on the
monthly charts in order to confirm a
reversal look at the formation here this
is the second round of run which is
forming here see
first
second and this is the third stretch
here now third stretch this is a
slightly exponential rise and now it is
still looking upwards and still staying
bullish now have a look at the monthly
charts first of all 27 80 this is the
level below which it will turn red and
let's connect the highs see if you see
these three C you can see that the highs
are now almost aligned it appears it is
done with the peak here second thing is
the month has started on a bullish note
and it is going to find it difficult now
to erase all the gains but once it
trades below 2780 and then 2740 we can
say possibility of a price movement
towards the bottom cannot be denied but
right now it is not showing any weakness
remember it has to show a weakness here
which is right now missing in the gold
prices it is still showing a strength
and if you look at after a couple of
retracement candles this is second
bullish candle first one second one and
even if you the complete movement here
was from 2620 to 2720 at $200 of
movement and this month it has started
at 2770 and already seen the 50% move
here so now we will wait we will have to
wait and watch how it behaves in between
2880 to 294 levels Beyond this certainly
more bullishness should be seen and then
we can expect prices to head towards
2940 or in fact 29 83,000 and closing of
the month at around 2900 but right now
I'm still not in support of that stock
itic Rising entering into overboard Zone
the magd is Divergent magd is bullish
and magd is looking upwards now this is
a great great rise the levels on magd we
have not seen in history here it is not
yet looking back but this is again a
warning from me that whenever whenever
you see such exponential rise it follows
with a reversal here and this has to
begin very very soon only thing is we
have to wait we have to watch when it
crosses over because even if it
stretches this run for next couple of
months or more the prices are going to
trade Beyond 3,000 so this is the only
worry point which I am having the RSI is
staying extremely overbought and it can
stay here overbought for next few months
as well now let's have a look at the
4our charts on the 4our charts look at
the formation uh every rise is offset
with a retracement and yet again it is
retraced towards the 20 period and 20
period moving average provided it a very
very strong support and that is where
the levels on the downside first at 28
4850
then towards
28442 and then 28 3032 three key levels
and below that you can expect the next
support levels to be towards 28 20 24
2810 2800 so I'm I'm going to give give
you the levels here but look at the
Divergence in the moving averages since
here it is traded with a strong
Divergence now this increases the
possibility of the prices to converge
and reverse stock istic looking down the
me also has crossed over and this I have
highlighted in my daily update see this
crossover is coming from the highs the
possibility of a reversal increases here
RSI has also now started to look
downwards so now we have seen the charts
and indicators time for me to give you
the levels here before I provide you the
levels if you want to learn this art of
trading join my mentorship batch and if
you just want to trade as per the
signals be a part of my signals channel
on telegram connect with me write an
email ping me over telegram for your
queries and if you're looking forward to
a broker which offers you a s free with
lowest sprad and no hidden charges
easier transactions and easier withdraws
from across the globe you can find the
recommended broker link also in the
channel and video description first
let's talk about the levels to buy see
you can buy at 28 64 66
levels but as I shared the resistances
on the upside are pretty strong towards
28
7274 first
Zone then towards 28 84 86 now
if this is taken chances will be very
very high that we may see a movement
towards
2895
2904 and if this is taken then we may
see a lending in gold prices at
29618 and after this we are looking at
2936 if this is also Tak
then definitely 2950 levels will come
into picture Beyond 2950
2985 29
7885 and then the most critical
Milestone at 3,000 will be
seen though I am not in favor of this
but yes you have to stick to the levels
again the higher it goes the higher will
be the chances of a reversal and the on
the downside now I will recommend you to
buy here at
2854 expect
2848
28 40
42 this is going to be the first strong
support Zone then below this 28
30 34
32 if this is also taken then you can
expect
2824 if 2824 is taken chances will be
very very high that we may see 28 102
Zone at the next Target and below 28 102
you can expect
2800 and then
2791 2780 now see on the downside the
support levels are pretty near and are
pretty strong as well now below 2780 is
where we are looking forward to a
greater price correction towards
2740 and then towards 27 04
levels though it appears a distant
Target however these are markets
anything and everything is possible so
take your positions accordingly take
your trades accordingly like share
subscribe and comment join my mentorship
badge join my signals Channel reach out
to me for your queries join the free
telegram channel for live updates and
join the channel memberships here on
YouTube to support the effort remember
this is a weekly review do not miss to
watch The Daily updates which I share
twice a day first with the Asia session
next before for the US session so that
you can stay with the profits
throughout new all the daily updates
thank you have a great profitable
trading week ahead thank