ladies and gentlemen welcome back this
is Christopher Aaron it is January 28th
2025 and we're going to talk about the
biggest battle that gold is facing in
2025 and that is gold
versus the Dow Jones a lot of people
think that gold is only facing battles
versus Fiat currencies
and I'm going to show you that that is
not true gold has already won the battle
versus these Fiat currencies and so
therefore the last remaining battle for
gold in this bull market is versus the
Dow Jones Industrial Average this is
what we will talk about today I want to
introduce this topic to you in case you
have not looked at this
before by the way thank you to all of
those who came out out to Vancouver the
Vancouver resource investment conference
was one week ago it was a great time if
I got the opportunity to meet you there
for the first time that was excellent as
well so once again I'm glad to have met
the people who came out to the show um I
am not going to repeat the entirity of
the Vancouver show but what I am going
to do is introduce this topic to you for
the very first time here on this YouTube
channel because this is going to be
something that impacts the entirety of
the precious metals for the next several
years by the way if my voice sounds a
little bit funny it's because I did pick
up a cold on the way back on the plane
you know how that is when you're
traveling sometimes so give me a few
days and my voice will come back to
normal make sure to hit the red
subscribe button to follow us on YouTube
or on X at I Global gold for more of
these types of
videos our legal
disclaimer and now we go so the main
point is this gold has already won the
battle versus all of the Fiat currencies
whether we're talking about gold in
Euros which is at an all-time high
whether we're talking gold in Canadian
doar which is at an all-time high
whether we're talking about golden
Australian dollars which is at an
alltime
high whether we're talking about Golden
British pounds which is at you guessed
it an all-time high as well or the most
important one as far as trade goes
around the world gold and US Dollars
also at an all-time high and and looking
to to bump up against the previous
all-time high and see if it can break
out to a brand new one
so do you see here what I'm talking
about gold has clearly already won the
battle versus these Fiat currencies this
is done there's no more debate about it
it's over gold has won these Fiat
currencies are not coming back they're
not regaining their value versus gold
now or anytime soon
that's over okay aha wait just one
moment
here just like in the excellent movie
Braveheart where William Wallace and the
rebels must face multiple battles they
have to face different battles at
different times not every battle is the
same yes it's the same overall enemy
that they're going against but that but
every battle presents its unique
challenges unique
situations no two battles are the same
there is another battle that gold now
must face and that is right here gold
versus the Dow Jones now look at this
chart this goes back for the last 10
years and notice how as a net some here
gold and the Dow Jones are tracking each
other with approximately an 85% positive
correlation over a decade time period I
mean what is going on here right we're
talking about gold the 5,000 year store
of wealth that is clearly beating all
the Fiat currencies and then we're
talking about what the 30 largest
industrial stocks in the United States
why do these two charts why has this
ended up within just a couple percentage
points of one another here and it's
tempting to say well look there's
there's sometimes where gold or the Dow
outpaces one another yeah brief periods
of time but look at how as a net sum
with about an 85% correlation these two
things are tracking each other like a
mirror image why what do these two
things have to do with one another I
mean shouldn't gold go higher when the
Dow is going
lower so this is the next battle that
gold must face it must defeat the Dow
Jones Industrial Average and
differentiate itself as a different
asset
class let's answer this question well
you know is this rare has this happened
before does this happen every decade
where where gold and the Dow track each
other in this kind of way are we living
through some sort of an
anomaly okay here we are looking at it
this is all of the available data as far
as gold versus the Dow Jones what we're
looking at here on the top is that ratio
the Dow versus gold simply plotted as a
ratio and here on the bottom we're
looking at the price of gold and this is
back to the year 1970 remember 1970 is
when gold began to be freely trading as
priced in US Dollars before that it was
officially tied to the US dollar at a
set price so this is all of the
available data it's not like I'm
cherry-picking a few days here or a few
specific years this is it we don't have
any other data to work with this is it
so notice here in the green shading
we're talking about the bull market in
gold in the
1970s when gold Broke Free of the US
dollar backing and Rose
2,400 over that decade no notice that
the Dow to gold ratio lost
96% of its value in other words Dow
Jones Industrial Average stocks lost
96% of their value as priced in gold in
a decade that is astounding when you
really think about it now let's look at
the bull market in gold from the 2000s
notice how from the year 99 2000 when
gold rode
650 up to the year
2011 notice that Dow stocks as priced in
Gold lost once again
85% of their value this is why there was
so much mainstream interest in Gold you
know there are stories of investors
lined up around uh Boolean shops back in
the 1970s there were certainly in my
network dozens and dozens and dozens of
individuals from White walks of life who
were coming up to me in this bull market
in gold now look at the bull market that
began in 2015 in which we have gold up
here over 160% over the last 10 years
nearly a tripling in the price of gold
and what the Dow Jones to gold ratio is
perfectly flat so can you see which is
the outlier I mean if we have two
previous Cycles where as gold is rising
strong wrly the Dow as priced in gold is
declining and then we have this one
scenario over here where it's a flat Dow
a gold
ratio clearly we are living through the
anomaly right now and so to answer the
question has this ever happened before
we have a rising gold price with a flat
dowed gold ratio the answer is no not
once not ever this has never happened
before let that sink in for a minute we
are living through some sort of a
strange anomaly in these markets where
we saw that gold has clearly defeated
all of the Fiat
currencies yet when we compare gold to
the Dow Jones Industrial Average the 30
largest stocks in the United States gold
has not yet won that battle they are
battling it out day after day week after
week going back for the last 10 years
and that's why in my professional
opinion there's still so little interest
from mainstream investors compared to
what we saw in the 2000s and the 1970s
where you had people lined up around
coin shops I had dozens and dozens of
friends family members coming up to me
asking me about precious metals in this
cycle it's very different if you think
about the people who you know from your
wider walks of life they are not
interested in the Press ious Metals yet
because of this flat ratio because they
are doing just as well in their index
funds as they are in the price of gold
so we're living through an anomaly here
this is the thing to
understand now why why is this
happening and what does it mean for us
as
investors well here is where you're
going to have to tune in over the weeks
ahead as we continue to answer this
question both here on YouTube and you
might want to subscribe if you want to
get the answers to that or also on X our
free feed at iglobal Gold because these
are the places where I'm going to be
discussing this topic with you and
answering these questions over the weeks
and months ahead this is not going to
last forever this correlation between
the Dow Jones and gold but which one is
going to be the Victor this is the all
important question if you don't want to
wait for any future videos to come out
on YouTube or X and you want to dive in
deeply with us
now we are discussing this in our
premium Services called precious metals
intelligence and we have already
published a number of the factors going
into this and we are talking about what
to expect as far as
conclusions from this dowed gold ratio
the service for you is called precious
metals intelligence plus we produce
weekly membersonly videos just like you
are seeing here but a lot more in depth
they're typically an hour to an hour and
15 minutes every week you also get flash
updates right to your inbox when
anything impacting the precious metals
markets is something that you should be
aware of right away you also get our
exact open market buy and sell signals
as soon as we make a decision and not
only do we cover the Dow of gold ratio
but we cover the physical gold market
physical silver as well as Bitcoin the
stock market currencies and commodity
markets all of that is available to you
every single week all this depth of
analysis in Precious Metals intelligence
Plus if you are a higher net worth
investor you have to understand how
powerful it is to be buying gold and
silver
companies with a greater amount of
Leverage that you receive when you
invest in private placements and private
placements allow you to accumulate free
yes free warrants with every single
investment that you make if you can
commit the minimum of 7,000 USD or
approximately 10,000 Canadian per
investment so in elite private
placements we come together and we make
these Investments for that maximal
amount of upside and you also get a free
subscription to our precious metals
intelligence plus when you join us in
the elite if you would like to sit down
and discuss your situation remember you
can reach me on the consultations page
of our website it will allow you to view
my available schedule book a time I call
you on the phone or via Skype we sit
down and we discuss what I would do in
your situation remember this is from a
researched independent perspective
someone who has studied the precious
metals markets for the better part of
the last 20 years but I do not take any
fees or kickbacks from any of the
Boolean dealerships or any of the gold
and silver companies that we work with I
am 100% independent so that I can assist
individual investors ERS such as
yourself so over the weeks and months
ahead we will continue diving into this
topic of the Dow Jones versus gold why
that is happening what it's going to
mean when that breaks and how to prepare
yourself